>> Bianca Gandolfo: What do we
know about depth-first search?
It's the most awesome search.
>> Speaker 2: It's my favorite, certainly,
but it's where you search
through everything and
you go down first.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, yeah.
Exactly, so you go all the way down,
down, down, into the depths.
And then, you go up, up, up, and
then to the side.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
I think I have, here we go.
It probably makes more
sense than my description.
All right, so
we call this graph traversing.
Here is an example of depth-first search,
so we go all the way down to the bottom,
and then we come up, and
then we go to the other side.
So why, we can find paths,
cycles, connectivity and more.
This is like, I don't know,
this is where the magic is,
with paths and cycles for graphs.
Lots of cool stuff that
you can do with that.
Once you really master these
fundamentals that we're going over in
this first couple days, it's gonna arm
you with a lot of tools to apply to
some more advanced algorithms that
can really open up some cool stuff.
For your life,
I don't know if you're into that.
For your whole life will
be changed forever.
[LAUGH] I might be exaggerating
a little bit, but.
Or not, or maybe I'm not, I don't know,
maybe it gets you a really good job.
>> Speaker 3: Maybe you're underselling
it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
it's probably what I'm doing.
Cool, so one thing that
I want to talk about is this explored,
visited,
undiscovered concept that we didn't
really talk about in trees as much.
And this is one way that
people describe and
represent in code whether we need to
keep exploring down a path, right?
Because in a tree,
there's a natural termination, right?
And that's not necessarily true with
a graph, because they're cycles.
And so we have to flag if
something has been explored.
Meaning that you have looked
at all of the adjacent nodes,
or if it's visited, right?
So once we go from A to B,
B is now visited, A is visited but
not explored,
because we haven't explored all of its
adjacent,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Nodes, vertices,
nodes, vertices.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool, undiscovered
means that we haven't gotten there yet.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And so
you can use these flags in your
code to help keep track on where
you are
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Or
you can just use one or two of them,
you don't have to use all three with some,
it depends on which solution you look at.